Create a program that gets details about singers candidates and writes them into files.

The following details are required for each singer:
First name (must not be empty)
Last name (must not be empty)
Birth date (must be in format yyyy-mm-dd)
Birth Country (must not be empty)
Current Country (must not be empty)
City (must not be empty)
Street address (must not be empty)
List of other candidates that you know (ask repeatedly for names).

If the age is under 18 ask for the following:
Do we have parents approval (yes/no)
School name (must not be empty)
Grade (must not be empty)

If the birth country is out of Israel, ask for the following:
Date of enter to Israel (must be in format yyyy-mm-dd)
Do you speak hebrew (yes/no)

Make sure to validate all input from the user.

For example:

Welcome candidate!
Please enter the following details:
What is your first name: Alon
What is your last name: Tamir
What is your birth date: 147
Ahhh.. Are you sure? Please enter date in format yyyy-mm-dd
What is your birth date: 2000-12-30
What is your birth country: Canada
When did you enter to Israel: 2010-10-25
Do you speak hebrew (yes/no): bla
Ahhh.. Are you sure? Please enter yes or no
Do you speak hebrew (yes/no): yes
What is your current country: Egypt
What is your current city: Cairo
What is your current street address: Muhamad 15
Do you know any candidates: yes
Who do you know: Ifat Tamir
Do you know any more candidates: yes
Who do you know: Yarden Tamir
Do you know any more candidates: no
Well done. Your registration is complete.

The candidate details should be saved into a file in JSON format (use python’s JSON for this). For example:
{
firstName: “Alon”,
lastName:”Tamir”.
… and more
}

The file name should be cadidate_XXX.json, where XXX is a sequence number starting from 001. Whenever we run the program it should check the existing files, and find the next required sequence to use.

If the files amount is over 100, running the program will print: candidates list is full, try next year.

Don’t forget to write tests for the program.


example:
    name ='s'
    d={}
    d['first']=name
    print(json.dumps(d))
